# Kelvin
PEOPLE ASK QUESTIONS LIKE: HOW CAN I JOIN OCCULT SOCIETY IN NIGERIA? WHERE CAN I GET REAL SECRET SOCIETY TO JOIN IN AFRICA? I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT GROUP TO MAKE MONEY AND BE RICH WITHOUT HUMAN SACRIFICE, I WISH TO JOIN SECRET OCCULT HERE IN GHANA BUT HOW CAN I FIND REAL OCCULT TO JOIN, WE ARE NOW HERE FOR YOU JOIN THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES OCCULT BROTHERHOOD FOR SUCCESS FAME WEALTH MONEY AND SPIRITUAL POWER CALL US NOW  IF YOU WANT TO JOIN REAL OCCULT SOCIETY FOR FAST MONEY WEALTH SPIRITUAL POWERS AND MONEY RITUALS IN GHANA OR NIGERIA AND ACROSS AFRICA AND THE WORLD, JOIN US TODAY FOR BUSINESS BOOM BLOOD MONEY POLITICAL POWERS WITHOUT EVIL RITUAL, IT’S REAL AND NOT A CHILD’S PLAY CALL NOW +2349019689300  ARE YOU READY TO CHANGE FROM THE BAD CONDITION YOU ARE TODAY AND BECOME AN OCCULTISM MEMBER TO GAIN WEALTH, POWERS, RICHES, PROTECTION, SUCCESS AND FAME IN ALL ASPECT OF LIFE? CALL +2349019689300 AND JOIN THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD OCCULT TO ACHIEVE YOUR DREAM IN LIFE  For those who are talented and gifted and needed help to accomplish their dreams and heart desire. This is not supposed to be published on the internet but because of those of you that have giving up on becoming rich and powerful in life, that’s why we here render you any kind of help that you want and also for those who:  want to join occult in Nigeria’  want to join real occult in Ghana’  want to join occult in Africa to be rich’  want to join an occult for money and power’  want to join an occult for wealth and protection’  want to join good occult fraternity in Nigeria’  want to join great temple of Haragon in Nigeria to be rich’  want to join Haragon brotherhood occult in Nigeria Africa’  want to join secret society occult in Nigeria’  want to make money through spiritual ways  want to join occult in Nigeria’  want to join real occult in Ghana’  want to join occult in Africa to be rich’  want to join an occult for money and power’  want to join an occult for wealth and protection’  want to join good occult fraternity in Nigeria’ to make money  want to join great temple of Haragon Occult in Nigeria to be rich’  want to join Haragon brotherhood occult in Nigeria Africa’  want to join secret society occult in Nigeria’  want to join Illuminati  want to be rich and famous  want to make money  want to win election  want to acquire a position  want to be wealthy and powerful in life  how can i join secret society or cult to make money  how can join occult for riches  i want to be rich but i don’t know how etc.  how do i do money ritual  how do i join good occult that will not affect me and my family forever  or ask questions like…  ‘I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT IN NIGERIA’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN REAL OCCULT IN GHANA’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT TO MAKE MONEY’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT FOR MONEY’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT FOR MONEY RITUAL’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN OCCULT IN AFRICA TO BE RICH’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN GOOD OCCULT FRATERNITY IN NIGERIA GHANA’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN GREAT ILLUMINATI IN NIGERIA FOR RICHES’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN ILLUMINATI OCCULT IN NIGERIA OR GHANA’  ‘I WANT TO JOIN ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD IN NIGERIA OR GHANA’  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT IN NIGERIA’  HOW TO JOIN REAL OCCULT IN GHANA’  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT TO MAKE MONEY’  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT FOR MONEY’  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT FOR MONEY RITUAL’  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT IN AFRICA TO BE RICH’  HOW TO JOIN GOOD OCCULT FRATERNITY IN NIGERIA GHANA’  HOW TO JOIN GREAT ILLUMINATI IN NIGERIA FOR RICHES’  HOW TO JOIN ILLUMINATI OCCULT IN NIGERIA OR GHANA’  HOW TO JOIN ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD IN NIGERIA OR GHANA  HOW TO MAKE MONEY ONLINE  HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN NIGERIA  HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN GHANA  HOW TO MAKE MONEY BY JOINING OCCULT  HOW TO MAKE MONEY BY JOINING ILLUMINATI  WHY SUFFER IN POVERTY WHEN YOU CAN JOIN ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD AND BECOME MILLIONAIRE INSTANTLY  WHY SEARCHING FOR POWER AT THE WRONG PLACE. WHEN THERE IS A GREATEST OF ALL IN UNIVERSE. ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD  GET YOUR POWER FROM ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD. ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD IS THE GREATEST. Call ISLAND OF RICHES Temple today, call +2349019689300.  Do you desire Fame, Riches, Powers, Wealth and do you want all your dreams to come to pass? Are you an upcoming artist, dancer, businessman etc the Great ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD Society offers you a life time opportunity of making your desires come to accomplishment. If you are interested contact us now for more information on how you will be fully initiated to the ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD and get all you seeks in life.  Do you want to join great ISLAND OF RICHES Brotherhood occult to be very rich,famous and wealthy beyond human imagination ?  WELCOME TO THE GREAT OCCULT OF ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD OCCULT FRATERNITY IN NIGERIA OR SOUTH AFRICA.  Be sure that you have really made up your mind before contacting us because what you don’t know is bigger than you.  Decision is the bandary between the poor and the rich, the decision you make today is the best for you.  Become a member of the billionaire occult club of ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood today and sock from the blest of everlasting riches,wealth,power and protection as a member, indeed your dreams will come through and you will be rewarded with long life happiness without evil sacrifices or killing poor innocent child or your love ones.  Are you tired of living in poverty? Are you having money problem? Do you want to change your life and archive all your impossible dream? Do you want to be promoted in your job or carrier? Do you want more money in your business?  Here is the opportunity to change it all and you will have your way to the world of the rich and famous.  Join the ISLAND OF RICHES Brotherhood Occult in South Africa today and use what you have and get what you want.  Interested viewers should contact us on the following Phone : +2349019689300. Email : islandofriches6@gmail.com Website : islandofriches6@gmail.com.wordpress.com  I’m speaking on the experience I have had so far being a member of ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood fraternity. Joining a fraternity is by far one of the best life decisions I have ever made. It’s not because of the partying and other debauchery people think of when mentioning a fraternity. It’s one of the best decisions I’ve ever made because of the people I have grown close to, the support system I found, the immense networking opportunities at my disposal, and the purpose I have found within the fraternity.  ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood is part of a family and something bigger which has helped transitionally in life coming to college. Being a part of a fraternity is more than what you see and think of on the outside. On the inside it’s a family dedicated to the betterment and prosperity of everyone in it.  I would have never been able to make the connections I have, or find future opportunities if I would have never gone through with becoming a member of the ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood. Once you are a part of it you are a piece in a giant history. Knowing I am that tiny piece gives me a great sense of pride. I want to strive to do anything I can to help others and be there for them like people were for me.  Take note,This fraternity does not involve in the use of human fresh or blood for sacrifice.  Brotherhood means being there through the literal best and worst of times. It is being a shoulder to lean on and having one there if you ever need it. Through the greatest time of your life you are connected to like minded individuals who would do anything for you and you for them. Just to feel that kinship is enough to make myself want to be the best version of myself that I can be. I could not ask for anything more in my life. The support and bonds I make now is far enough and I know I will carry on throughout my entire life.  Some countries have come to think of peas, beans or other legumes as resembling money. These foods, thought to resemble discs or coins, were used in traditional meals, to bring financial success to friends and family. Lentils are an south african favorite, while black-eyed peas are the choice in the deep of the south africa. For Spanish-speaking cultures, a dozen grapes are eaten to bring in wish fulfillment. Pork is consider island of riches to ring in progress and prosperity. a round cake or a cake in the shape of a ring, states that the year has come full circle. The Swedes and Norwegians make a rice pudding with an almond in it. The lucky diner who gets the nut will have great luck in the new year.  The idea of making resolutions goes back much farther than one would think. It was first found among the ancient Babylonians who made promises to please their gods and start the new year with a clean slate. This even extended to repaying debts. Many in the English speaking countries believed that this was to be a time of forgiveness of wrongs and slights by others.  HOW CAN I JOIN WORLD LEADING OCCULT ORGANIZATION TO ENRICH MYSELF AND NEVER BE POOR IN LIFE AGAIN.  Interested viewers should contact us on the following Phone : +2349019689300. Email : islandofriches6@gmail.com Website : islandofriches6@gmail.com.wordpress.com  YOU WANT TO JOIN OCCULT FOR MONEY RICHES, AND POWER? CONTACT THIS TEMPLE TODAY FOR ALL KINDS OF RITUAL.  Contact Details  Phone: +2349019689300 Email : islandofriches6@gmail.com Website: islandofriches6@gmail.com.wordpress.com  The island of riches secret occult members worldwide as people who have seen the light, we are the light of the world and our practice are transparent. Island of riches Occult is our native culture which is even supported by some Bible version and Quran. On the recent developments in island of riches Occult to the good leadership quality and The Paramount Ruler of the island of riches brotherhood Fraternity Worldwide, and other Supreme Executives for their interest to promote our forefathers culture.  We call on countries, London,African, Nigeria,Ghana,south africa and all over the world to embrace a meaningful transition with one mind, to serve lord of island of riches group in truth and in spirit. It is high time for African and all over the world to embrace island of riches brotherhood Occult, because our Occult cares for all members and other individuals. The era when people practice occult society the way it pleases them has gone. Civilization has been introduced to the fraternity but truth, justice, peace, fairness and discipline being practiced did not change.  However, we called on World to embrace peoples Haragon brotherhood as the only Occult that can save us from our present predicaments. He described Christianity and Islam as foreign religions that have nothing to offer.  your life, they are not in any way affiliated to the island of riches family, please be aware of this so you don’t lay your blames on the island of riches Brotherhood you can only be contacted when your materials needed for your initiation has been confirmed by our supreme grand masters lodge in island of riches District, Enugu, Abuja and Lagos.  we are not suppose to be on the internet but because of questions and comments like:  want to join occult in Nigeria’  want to join real occult in Ghana’  want to join occult in Africa to be rich’  want to join an occult for money and power’  want to join an occult for wealth and  protection’  want to join good occult fraternity in Nigeria’  want to join great temple of island of riches in  Nigeria to be rich’  want to join Haragon brotherhood occult in  Nigeria/Africa’  want to join secret society occult in Nigeria’  want to make money through spiritual to join  occult in Nigeria’  want to join real occult in Ghana’  want to join occult in Africa to be rich’  want to join an occult for money and power’  want to join an occult for wealth and  protection’  want to join good occult fraternity in Nigeria’  to make money  want to join great temple of island of riches in  Nigeria to be rich’  want to join island of riches brotherhood occult in  Nigeria/Africa’  want to join secret society occult in Nigeria’  Want to join  Want to be rich and famous  Want to make money  Want to win election  Want to acquire a position  Want to be wealthy and powerful in life  How can i join secret society or cult to make  money  How can join occult for riches  I want to be rich but i don’t know how etc.  How do i do money ritual?  How do i join good occult that will not affect  me and my family forever.  This is your time to make your family proud and be happy again in life don’t miss this opportunity because it only comes but once we are here to build your future and make your dreams come true and note that poverty is like a motor without engine which is like a disease in human life and you have to be aware that nothing good comes easily make your decision today and change your life, we are known as the Great island of riches Brotherhood high temple in Benin Edo state, and we look forward to welcome you into our kingdom of wealth and power where dreams are archived to join.  Island of riches brotherhood make their member happy so i will want you all to also be a new member of the island of riches if you are interested, urgently reply or call us, we are ready to make you a member of the great island of riches brotherhood after the due consultation and initiation that will make you a full member has been taken place, you will be given some amount of money as a reward to start up a life filled with happiness, pleasure and wealth.  The island of riches Brotherhood occult is the only organization of its kind in the world today, a real secret society for real people, and the only one that delivers unsurpassed results for both self-realization and fulfillment of body, mind, and spirit.  The island of riches occult was founded in the grand tradition of the great collegiate secret societies like the Brothers in Unity, Skull &amp; Bones and the Mystical Seven, as well as the time-honored fraternities of the Freemasons, Odd Fellows and the knightly brotherhood, who have been born into wealth and power, the island of riches Brotherhood is for the common man.  Today many people wish to become rich and famous and look for easy ways. Learn why so many folks wish to join the island of riches in Nigeria. There are thousands of secret organizations in the whole world. Some of these organizations are opened others are private. For many years, since fifth century and until now, there is a single most well-known organization that has always been absolutely closed. It is called island of riches For long time information about how to join island of riches in Nigeria or any other country was absolutely secret. People all over the world wanted to join this organization but only the best of the best were accepted. Since that time, a lot have changed. The island of riches is still positioned as one of the most powerful organization and still many people want to join it.  “Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. “  WHAT EVER PROBLEM YOU HAVE THE island of riches HAVE A RITUAL TO END THE PROBLEM AND GIVE YOU PERFECT JOY AND PEACE.  DON’T THINK THAT ALL YOUR HOPE ARE LOST IN THIS WORLD YOU STILL HAVE THE ABILITY TO MAKE A GOOD LIVING BY JOINING MONEY RITUAL SECRET OCCULT THAT WILL MAKE YOU VERY RICH WITHOUT KILLING ANY HUMAN BEING TAKE THIS DECISION TODAY AND CHANGE YOUR WORLD TO A BETTER ONE WE THE ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD OCCULT MEMBERS ARE READY TO HELP YOU AS LONG AS YOU ACCEPT TO MAKE A RITUAL SACRIFICE TO OUR LORD SPIRITUAL TO BECOME ONE OF US THEN YOU ARE READY TO BOOST YOUR CAREER AND BE A GREAT MAN WITHOUT BEING AFRAID OF ANY LIVING THINGS IN THIS WORD JOIN US TODAY AND FULFILL YOUR DREAM CONTACT THE WISE ONE WITH +2349019689300  HAVE YOU BEEN SEARCHING FOR A WAY TO JOIN A SECRET OCCULT AND BECOME SUPPER RICH AND ALSO BE NOTIFY BY EVERYONE AROUND YOU,OR IF YOU ARE SEEKING FOR PROTECTION, JOIN THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD AND ALL YOUR HEARTH DESIRES SHALL BE GRANTED. CALL US WITH +2349019689300 OR YOU CAN ALSO EMAIL US WITH (islandofriches6@gmail.com)  Today many people wish to become rich and famous and look for easy ways. Learn why so many folks wish to join the ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood in Nigeria.  There are thousands of secret organizations in the whole world. Some of these organizations are opened others are private. For many years, since fifth century and until now, there is a single most well-known organization that has always been absolutely closed. It is called ISLAND OF RICHES For long time information about how to join ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood in Nigeria or any other country was absolutely secret. People all over the world wanted to join this organization but only the best of the best were accepted. Since that time, a lot have changed. The ISLAND OF RICHES brotherhood is still positioned as one of the most powerful organization and still many people want to join it.  “Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. “  JOIN THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD FOR FAME, POWER,WEALTH and PROTECTION. contact us on: islandofriches6@gmail.com or call us on:+2349019689300  This life, nobody was born to suffer but out of greed, stupidity  and self contentedness nobody wants to help that is the reason we THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD has decided to give back hope to the hopeless and becoming a member of this fraternity absolutely free no charges no human sacrifice. for more information about THE GREAT ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD just contact us on: +2349019689300  Email us with : islandofriches6@gmail.com  WE ARE DYING BECAUSE OF OUR BAD LEADER,JOIN THE GREAT OCCULT TEMPLE OF ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD TO BE WEALTHY JOIN US WE GUARANTEE YOU SUCCESS,100% WEALTH,POWER,FAME WE ARE HERE FOR THE DESPERATE ONE’S, DON’T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY IN NIGERIA  JOIN US AND MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TO PASS  JOIN THE BEST OCCULT WITHOUT ANY HUMAN SCARIFIES  WE WILL CONNECT YOU TO THE TOP TEN RICHEST MEN IN THE WORLD  WE WILL GIVE ALL IT TAKES TO BECOME A MAN  AFTER YOUR INITIATION THE LORD OF MONEY WILL VISIT YOU  (1) YOU MOST BE ABOVE  20YEARS  ( 2)YOU MUST BE ABLE TO KEEP SECRETE BE WARN  FOR MORE INFORMATION: call +2349019689300  I understands when we face challenge we expect it solution, but must it be in spiritual means, this is common in Africa why? Africans do it looking for husband, Wife, business success, before traveling, before eating, job interview, carrying out one duties etc.  WE ARE OUR BROTHER’S KEEPER. ONE FOR ALL. ALL FOR ONE  JOIN THE ISLAND OF RICHES BROTHERHOOD TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOR EVER. FOR MORE INFORMATION YOU CAN EMAIL US WITH (islandofriches6@gmail.com)  IF YOU NEED ANY ASSISTANT FINANCIALLY,JOB OFFERING,CONTRACT ,OIL SUPPLIED,PETROL CHEMICAL ENGINEER,OPPORTUNITY TO. WORK IN OIL COMPANY,EDUCATION ASSISTANTS FEEL FREE TO CONTACT THIS NUMBER +2349019689300 IF YOU WISH JOIN THE BROTHERHOOD OCCULT TEMPLE THAT GIVE YOU ALL YOU WANT IN LIFE WE ARE THE BEST OCCULT GROUP IN AFRICA JOIN US WE GUARANTEE YOU WEALTH,FAME,POWER,SUCCESS IN LIFE  “If your only goal is to become rich, you’ll never achieve it,” says, the lord ISLAND OF RICHES.  His point was simple: when the only thing you care about is making money, no amount of money is ever enough. What you have always pales in comparison to what you don’t have and could have.  That’s why true success always involves a lot more than money… but even so, while we all define success differently (as well we should), most of us do factor some degree of wealth into our success equations.  So how do you become super rich? First embrace one fact: you’ll never get there on salary alone. join us in the word we will show you the secret of money and wealth call+2349019689300 or email us on  islandofriches6@gmail.com.  FOR THOSE OF YOU THAT WANT TO JOIN SECRET OCCULT FOR WEALTH, RICHES, MONEY RITUAL, SUCCESS, PROSPERITY, POWERS AND FAME JOIN THIS SECRET SOCIETY  people have been passing through hell thinking they can make it so fast by working harder but they did not know that there is a secret way to make real money without even a stress, but only the wise and mind set ones that can set on a journey to the spiritual land of wealth where to achieve the kind of life they desire, my people the choice is yours to make neither you choose to design your future nor you leave to admire the wiser ones think wisely and prove the world wrong of ever being poor for the rest of your life to move to the next level contact the temple now with +2349019689300  why not start now building a brighter future ahead for you and your next generation by joining this occult in Nigeria? Do you want to be a member of the great Shakira occult brotherhood we are going to make you rich famous and to be a world known star, get a good job, to win elections and get into a political power we are going to enrich you in all your endeavors empowerment and you will never loose any case in court or were ever, you will have powers to control people in high places, beware you must be 20 years and above if you know you are not interested never you attempt to this post be warned.  Contact us with: Phone: +2349019689300 Email : islandofriches6@gmail.com  HOW TO JOIN OCCULT IN NIGERIA AND GHANA TO BE VERY RICH AND FAMOUS CALL +2349019689300 TO BE FREE FROM POVERTY AND DEBTS  WHICH SECRET OCCULT BROTHERHOOD IN THE WORLD ARE THE BEST TO JOIN TO MAKE MONEY AND BE EXTRAORDINARY RICH AND FAMOUS? JOIN THE islandofriches6@gmail.com BROTHERHOOD OCCULT FOR QUICK MONEY AND FAST RICHES CALL +2349019689300 TO DO MONEY RITUAL WITH NO HUMAN BLOOD SACRIFICE.
